Well, don't back out.
Hey, honey.
Where are you?
I can't wait to
feel you inside me!
Damn!
What the hell?
Babe?
What's wrong?
He's occupied.
Sort it out yourself.
What...
Why?
You still wanna go?
Aren't you afraid
he'll record you and
post it online,
and then you'll
lose all your fans?
Of course not!
I... I'm gonna go.
Damn!
Someone swooped in?
Should've been faster at Turn 2.
Charles!
Congrats! You won again!
You wanna grab a bite?
I can also get an exclusive!
Sure.
Is your dad feeling better?
He's on a new treatment now.
It seems...
he really wants us to get married.
I don't really want to
think about
marriage recently.
Maybe...
we can talk about racing instead?
Okay...
Look,
Charles is here, too!